       When you invoke GCC, it normally does preprocessing, compilation, assembly and linking.  The "overall options" allow you to stop this process at an
       intermediate stage.  For example, the -c option says not to run the linker.  Then the output consists of object files output by the assembler.
       the assembler and linker; most of these are not documented here, since you rarely need to use any of them.
           -fobjc-exceptions -fobjc-gc -fobjc-nilcheck -fobjc-std=objc1 -freplace-objc-classes -fzero-link -gen-decls -Wassign-intercept -Wno-protocol  -Wselector
           -fdump-unnumbered-links -fdump-translation-unit[-n] -fdump-class-hierarchy[-n] -fdump-ipa-all -fdump-ipa-cgraph -fdump-ipa-inline -fdump-passes
           -fvariable-expansion-in-unroller -fvect-cost-model -fvpt -fweb -fwhole-program -fwpa -fuse-ld=linker -fuse-linker-plugin --param name=value -O  -O0  -O1
           -static-libtsan -shared -shared-libgcc  -symbolic -T script  -Wl,option  -Xlinker option -u symbol
           -compatibility_version  -current_version -dead_strip -dependency-file  -dylib_file  -dylinker_install_name -dynamic  -dynamiclib  -exported_symbols_list
           -nomultidefs  -noprebind  -noseglinkedit -pagezero_size  -prebind  -prebind_all_twolevel_modules -private_bundle  -read_only_relocs  -sectalign
           -seg_addr_table_filename  -seglinkedit -segprot  -segs_read_only_addr  -segs_read_write_addr -single_module  -static  -sub_library  -sub_umbrella
           -mno-media  -mmuladd  -mno-muladd -mfdpic  -minline-plt -mgprel-ro  -multilib-library-pic -mlinked-fp  -mlong-calls  -malign-labels -mlibrary-pic
           -mfixed-range=register-range -mjump-in-delay -mlinker-opt -mlong-calls -mlong-load-store  -mno-big-switch  -mno-disable-fpregs -mno-disable-indexing
           -mflip-mips16 -minterlink-mips16  -mno-interlink-mips16 -mabi=abi  -mabicalls  -mno-abicalls -mshared  -mno-shared  -mplt  -mno-plt  -mxgot  -mno-xgot
       Compilation can involve up to four stages: preprocessing, compilation proper, assembly and linking, always in that order.  GCC is capable of preprocessing
       file, and linking combines all the object files (those newly compiled, and those specified as input) into an executable file.
           Objective-C source code.  Note that you must link with the libobjc library to make an Objective-C program work.
           Objective-C++ source code.  Note that you must link with the libobjc library to make an Objective-C++ program work.  Note that .M refers to a literal
           An object file to be fed straight into linking.  Any file name with no recognized suffix is treated this way.
       -c  Compile or assemble the source files, but do not link.  The linking stage simply is not done.  The ultimate output is in the form of an object file for
               Display target-specific options.  Unlike the --target-help option however, target-specific options of the linker and assembler are not displayed.
           Do not expand any symbolic links, resolve references to /../ or /./, or make the path absolute when generating a relative prefix.
       However, the use of gcc does not add the C++ library.  g++ is a program that calls GCC and automatically specifies linking against the C++ library.  It
           linking with a different library.  In addition, when a function is recognized as a built-in function, GCC may use information about that function to
           To save space, do not emit out-of-line copies of inline functions controlled by #pragma implementation.  This causes linker errors if these functions
           Enable automatic template instantiation at link time.  This option also implies -fno-implicit-templates.
           export table of a DSO and do not require a PLT indirection when used within the DSO.  Enabling this option can have a dramatic effect on load and link
           Explicitly instantiated inline methods are unaffected by this option as their linkage might otherwise cross a shared library boundary.
           This flag attempts to use visibility settings to make GCC's C++ linkage model compatible with that of Microsoft Visual Studio.
           The flag makes these changes to GCC's linkage model:
           Do not use weak symbol support, even if it is provided by the linker.  By default, G++ uses weak symbols if they are available.  This option exists only
             Note that these functions have linkage like inline functions; they just aren't inlined by default.
           Emit a special marker instructing ld(1) not to statically link in the resulting object file, and allow dyld(1) to load it in at run time instead.  This
       -fzero-link
           time) with static class references that get initialized at load time, which improves run-time performance.  Specifying the -fzero-link flag suppresses
           Warn if the type of main is suspicious.  main should be a function with external linkage, returning int, taking either zero arguments, two, or three
           avoid linking files with debug information.  To be useful, this option requires a debugger capable of reading .dwo files.
           section.  It is more efficient to put them in a separate comdat sections since the linker can then remove duplicates.  But not all DWARF consumers
           option in any actual compilation (rather than preprocessing, assembly or linking).  To get just a warning, setting GCC_COMPARE_DEBUG to
           Direct the linker to not merge together strings in the debugging information that are identical in different object files.  Merging is not supported by
           all assemblers or linkers.  Merging decreases the size of the debug information in the output file at the cost of increasing link processing time.
           want data about, and you must also use it when linking.
           want data about, and you must also use it when linking.
           This option is used to compile and link code instrumented for coverage analysis.  The option is a synonym for -fprofile-arcs -ftest-coverage (when
           compiling) and -lgcov (when linking).  See the documentation for those options for more details.
       -fdump-unnumbered-links
           When doing debugging dumps (see -d option above), suppress instruction numbers for the links to the previous and next instructions in a sequence.
           linker if linking is done).
           Print the full absolute name of the library file library that would be used when linking---and don't do anything else.  With this option, GCC does not
           compile or link anything; it just prints the file name.
           This is useful when you use -nostdlib or -nodefaultlibs but you do want to link with libgcc.a.  You can do:
           This option is the default for optimized compilation if the assembler and linker support it.  Use -fno-merge-constants to inhibit this behavior.
           some other classes of C/C++ programming errors.  The instrumentation relies on a separate runtime library (libmudflap), which is linked into a program
           if -fmudflap is given at link time.  Run-time behavior of the instrumented program is controlled by the MUDFLAP_OPTIONS environment variable.  See "env
           Use -fmudflapth instead of -fmudflap to compile and to link if your program is multi-threaded.  Use -fmudflapir, in addition to -fmudflap or
           This optimization is automatically turned off in the presence of exception handling, for linkonce sections, for functions with a user-defined section
           frequently executed functions and ".text.unlikely" for unlikely executed functions.  Reordering is done by the linker so object file format must support
           named sections and linker must place them in a reasonable way.
           This option should not be used in combination with "-flto".  Instead relying on a linker plugin should provide safer and more precise information.
           This option runs the standard link-time optimizer.  When invoked with source code, it generates GIMPLE (one of GCC's internal representations) and
           writes it to special ELF sections in the object file.  When the object files are linked together, all the function bodies are read from these ELF
           To use the link-time optimizer, -flto needs to be specified at compile time and during the final link.  For example:
           Another (simpler) way to enable link-time optimization is:
           The only important thing to keep in mind is that to enable link-time optimizations the -flto flag needs to be passed to both the compile and the link
           variables can be accessed by libraries and runtime outside of the link-time optimized unit.  When supported by the linker, the linker plugin (see
           -fuse-linker-plugin) passes information to the compiler about used and externally visible symbols.  When the linker plugin is not available,
           the usual final code.  This means that object files with LTO information can be linked as normal object files; if -flto is not passed to the linker, no
           Additionally, the optimization flags used to compile individual files are not necessarily related to those used at link time.  For instance,
           When producing the final binary with -flto, GCC only applies link-time optimizations to those files that contain bytecode.  Therefore, you can mix and
           files to link without further processing.
           There are some code generation flags preserved by GCC when generating bytecodes, as they need to be used during the final link stage.  Currently, the
           At link time, these options are read in and reapplied.  Note that the current implementation makes no attempt to recognize conflicting values for these
           value read from the bytecode files.  It is recommended, then, that you compile all the files participating in the same link with the same options.
           If LTO encounters objects with C linkage declared with incompatible types in separate translation units to be linked together (undefined behavior
           Notice that the final link is done with g++ to get the C++ runtime libraries and -lgfortran is added to get the Fortran runtime libraries.  In general,
           when mixing languages in LTO mode, you should use the same link command options as when mixing languages in a regular (non-LTO) compilation; all you
           need to add is -flto to all the compile and link commands.
           If object files containing GIMPLE bytecode are stored in a library archive, say libfoo.a, it is possible to extract and use them in an LTO link if you
           are using a linker with plugin support.  To enable this feature, use the flag -fuse-linker-plugin at link time:
                   gcc -o myprog -O2 -flto -fuse-linker-plugin a.o b.o -lfoo
           With the linker plugin enabled, the linker extracts the needed GIMPLE files from libfoo.a and passes them on to the running GCC to make them part of the
           If you are not using a linker with plugin support and/or do not enable the linker plugin, then the objects inside libfoo.a are extracted and linked as
           optimization opportunities.  Use of -fwhole-program is not needed when linker plugin is active (see -fuse-linker-plugin).
           If you specify the optional n, the optimization and code generation done at link time is executed in parallel using n parallel jobs by utilizing an
           Specify the partitioning algorithm used by the link-time optimizer.  The value is either "1to1" to specify a partitioning mirroring the original source
           Prints a report with internal details on the workings of the link-time optimizer.  The contents of this report vary from version to version.  It is
       -fuse-linker-plugin
           Enables the use of a linker plugin during link-time optimization.  This option relies on plugin support in the linker, which is available in gold or in
           more code to the link-time optimizer.  This information specifies what symbols can be accessed externally (by non-LTO object or during dynamic linking).
           This option is enabled by default when LTO support in GCC is enabled and GCC was configured for use with a linker supporting plugins (GNU ld 2.21 or
           Fat LTO objects are object files that contain both the intermediate language and the object code. This makes them usable for both LTO linking and normal
           linking. This option is effective only when compiling with -flto and is ignored at link time.
           -fno-fat-lto-objects improves compilation time over plain LTO, but requires the complete toolchain to be aware of LTO. It requires a linker with linker
           plugin support for basic functionality.  Additionally, nm, ar and ranlib need to support linker plugins to allow a full-featured build environment
           The default is -ffat-lto-objects but this default is intended to change in future releases when linker plugin enabled environments become more common.
           Use the bfd linker instead of the default linker.
           Use the gold linker instead of the default linker.
           You must use -fprofile-generate both when compiling and when linking your program.
           used at link-time, it may include libraries or startup files that change the default FPU control word or other similar optimizations.
           Use these options on systems where the linker can perform optimizations to improve locality of reference in the instruction space.  Most systems using
           the ELF object format and SPARC processors running Solaris 2 have linkers with such optimizations.  AIX may have these optimizations in the future.
           Only use these options when there are significant benefits from doing so.  When you specify these options, the assembler and linker create larger object
       These options come into play when the compiler links object files into an executable output file.  They are meaningless if the compiler is not doing a link
           libraries by the linker according to the file contents.)  If linking is done, these object files are used as input to the linker.
       -E  If any of these options is used, then the linker is not run, and object file names should not be used as arguments.
           Search the library named library when linking.  (The second alternative with the library as a separate argument is only for POSIX compliance and is not
           It makes a difference where in the command you write this option; the linker searches and processes libraries and object files in the order they are
           The linker searches a standard list of directories for the library, which is actually a file named liblibrary.a.  The linker then uses this file as if
           Normally the files found this way are library files---archive files whose members are object files.  The linker handles an archive file by scanning
           it is linked in the usual fashion.  The only difference between using an -l option and specifying a file name is that -l surrounds library with lib and
           You need this special case of the -l option in order to link an Objective-C or Objective-C++ program.
           Do not use the standard system startup files when linking.  The standard system libraries are used normally, unless -nostdlib or -nodefaultlibs is used.
           Do not use the standard system libraries when linking.  Only the libraries you specify are passed to the linker, and options specifying linkage of the
           Do not use the standard system startup files or libraries when linking.  No startup files and only the libraries you specify are passed to the linker,
           and options specifying linkage of the system libraries, such as "-static-libgcc" or "-shared-libgcc", are ignored.
           compilation (-fpie, -fPIE, or model suboptions) when you specify this linker option.
           Pass the flag -export-dynamic to the ELF linker, on targets that support it. This instructs the linker to add all symbols, not only used ones, to the
           On systems that support dynamic linking, this prevents linking with the shared libraries.  On other systems, this option has no effect.
           Produce a shared object which can then be linked with other objects to form an executable.  Not all systems support this option.  For predictable
           results, you must also specify the same set of options used for compilation (-fpic, -fPIC, or model suboptions) when you specify this linker option.[1]
           If, instead, you use the GCC driver to create shared libraries, you may find that they are not always linked with the shared libgcc.  If GCC finds, at
           its configuration time, that you have a non-GNU linker or a GNU linker that does not support option --eh-frame-hdr, it links the shared version of
           libgcc into shared libraries by default.  Otherwise, it takes advantage of the linker and optimizes away the linking with the shared version of libgcc,
           linking with the static version of libgcc by default.  This allows exceptions to propagate through such shared libraries, without incurring relocation
           However, if a library or main executable is supposed to throw or catch exceptions, you must link it using the G++ or GCJ driver, as appropriate for the
           languages used in the program, or using the option -shared-libgcc, such that it is linked with the shared libgcc.
           When the -fsanitize=address option is used to link a program, the GCC driver automatically links against libasan.  If libasan is available as a shared
           library, and the -static option is not used, then this links against the shared version of libasan.  The -static-libasan option directs the GCC driver
           to link libasan statically, without necessarily linking other libraries statically.
           When the -fsanitize=thread option is used to link a program, the GCC driver automatically links against libtsan.  If libtsan is available as a shared
           library, and the -static option is not used, then this links against the shared version of libtsan.  The -static-libtsan option directs the GCC driver
           to link libtsan statically, without necessarily linking other libraries statically.
           When the g++ program is used to link a C++ program, it normally automatically links against libstdc++.  If libstdc++ is available as a shared library,
           and the -static option is not used, then this links against the shared version of libstdc++.  That is normally fine.  However, it is sometimes useful to
           freeze the version of libstdc++ used by the program without going all the way to a fully static link.  The -static-libstdc++ option directs the g++
           driver to link libstdc++ statically, without necessarily linking other libraries statically.
           Bind references to global symbols when building a shared object.  Warn about any unresolved references (unless overridden by the link editor option
           -Xlinker -z -Xlinker defs).  Only a few systems support this option.
           Use script as the linker script.  This option is supported by most systems using the GNU linker.  On some targets, such as bare-board targets without an
           operating system, the -T option may be required when linking to avoid references to undefined symbols.
       -Xlinker option
           Pass option as an option to the linker.  You can use this to supply system-specific linker options that GCC does not recognize.
           If you want to pass an option that takes a separate argument, you must use -Xlinker twice, once for the option and once for the argument.  For example,
           to pass -assert definitions, you must write -Xlinker -assert -Xlinker definitions.  It does not work to write -Xlinker "-assert definitions", because
           this passes the entire string as a single argument, which is not what the linker expects.
           When using the GNU linker, it is usually more convenient to pass arguments to linker options using the option=value syntax than as separate arguments.
           For example, you can specify -Xlinker -Map=output.map rather than -Xlinker -Map -Xlinker output.map.  Other linkers may not support this syntax for
           Pass option as an option to the linker.  If option contains commas, it is split into multiple options at the commas.  You can use this syntax to pass an
           argument to the option.  For example, -Wl,-Map,output.map passes -Map output.map to the linker.  When using the GNU linker, you can also get the same
           Pretend the symbol symbol is undefined, to force linking of library modules to define it.  You can use -u multiple times with different symbols to force
           -B prefixes that effectively specify directory names also apply to libraries in the linker, because the compiler translates these options into -L
           options for the linker.  They also apply to includes files in the preprocessor, because the compiler translates these options into -isystem options for
           are tried, and that is all.  The file is left out of the link if it is not found by those means.
           The GNU linker (beginning with version 2.16) has the necessary support for this option.  If your linker does not support this option, the header file
           Programs can be statically or dynamically linked.  This model is not fully implemented and mostly treated as small.
           Programs can be statically or dynamically linked.  This is the default code model.
           statically linked only.
           The default depends on the specific target configuration.  Note that the hard-float and soft-float ABIs are not link-compatible; you must compile your
           entire program with the same ABI, and link with a compatible set of libraries.
           shared libraries.  The GNU descriptor scheme is compatible with the original scheme, but does require new assembler, linker and library support.
           option to the linker command line when the linker is called.
           Jump relaxing is performed by the linker because jump offsets are not known before code is located. Therefore, the assembler code generated by the
           Relaxing must be turned on if linker stubs are needed, see the section on "EIND" and linker stubs below.
       路   For indirect calls to functions and computed goto, the linker generates stubs. Stubs are jump pads sometimes also called trampolines. Thus, the indirect
       路   Linker relaxation must be turned on so that the linker will generate the stubs correctly an all situaltion. See the compiler option "-mrelax" and the
           linler option "--relax".  There are corner cases where the linker is supposed to generate stubs but aborts without relaxation and without a helpful
       路   The default linker script is arranged for code with "EIND = 0".  If code is supposed to work for a setup with "EIND != 0", a custom linker script has to
           The "__trampolines_start" symbol is defined in the linker script.
       路   Stubs are generated automatically by the linker if the following two conditions are met:
           and the application be linked with "-Wl,--defsym,func_4=0x4".  Alternatively, "func_4" can be defined in the linker script.
           linked in if -msim is not given.
           Specifies that the program will be run on the simulator.  This causes the simulator BSP provided by libgloss to be linked in.  This option has effect
           Generate code that supports shared libraries via the library ID method, but assumes that this library or executable won't link against any other ID
           Do not assume that the code being compiled won't link against any ID shared libraries.  Slower code is generated for jump and call insns.
           Build a standalone application for multicore Blackfin processors.  This option causes proper start files and link scripts supporting multicore to be
           Build a standalone application for Core A of BF561 when using the one-application-per-core programming model. Proper start files and link scripts are
           Build a standalone application for Core B of BF561 when using the one-application-per-core programming model. Proper start files and link scripts are
           Build a standalone application for SDRAM. Proper start files and link scripts are used to put the application into SDRAM, and the macro "__BFIN_SDRAM"
           Choose startup files and linker script suitable for the simulator.
           This option, recognized for the cris-axis-elf, arranges to link with input-output functions from a simulator library.  Code, initialized data and zero-
           Like -sim, but pass linker options to locate initialized data at 0x40000000 and zero-initialized data at 0x80000000.
       Darwin does create "fat" files if multiple -arch options are used; it does so by running the compiler or linker multiple times and joining the results
       subtype of the file it is generating, so you cannot put 64-bit instructions in a ppc750 object file.  The linker for shared libraries, /usr/bin/libtool,
       object file in a ppc7400 library).  The linker for executables, ld, quietly gives the executable the most restrictive subtype of any of its input files.
           Causes the output file to be marked such that the dynamic linker will bind all undefined references when the file is loaded or launched.
           This option specifies the executable that will load the build output file being linked.  See man ld(1) for more information.
           When passed this option, GCC produces a dynamic library instead of an executable when linking, using the Darwin libtool command.
       -dylinker_install_name
       -noseglinkedit
       -seglinkedit
           These options are passed to the Darwin linker.  The Darwin linker man page describes them in detail.
           Assume that runtime support has been provided and so there is no need to include the simulator library (libsim.a) on the linker command line.
       -mlinked-fp
           disabled with -mno-linked-fp.
           When compiling, this option enables -mbionic, -fPIC, -fno-exceptions and -fno-rtti by default.  When linking, this option makes the GCC driver pass
           Android-specific options to the linker.  Finally, this option causes the preprocessor macro "__ANDROID__" to be defined.
           Disable linking effects of -mandroid, i.e., pass standard Linux linking options to the linker.
           Shorten some address references at link time, when possible; uses the linker option -relax.
           Generate code suitable for big switch tables.  Use this option only if the assembler/linker complain about out-of-range branches within a switch table.
           Generate 3-instruction load and store sequences as sometimes required by the HP-UX 10 linker.  This is equivalent to the +k option to the HP compilers.
       -mlinker-opt
           Enable the optimization pass in the HP-UX linker.  Note this makes symbolic debugging impossible.  It also triggers a bug in the HP-UX 8 and HP-UX 9
           linkers in which they give bogus error messages when linking some programs.
           implicitly, with the GNU linker.  This option does not affect which ld is called; it only changes what parameters are passed to that ld.  The ld that is
           called is determined by the --with-ld configure option, GCC's program search path, and finally by the user's PATH.  The linker used by GCC can be
           Use options specific to HP ld.  This passes -b to ld when building a shared library and passes +Accept TypeMismatch to ld on all links.  It is the
           default when GCC is configured, explicitly or implicitly, with the HP linker.  This option does not affect which ld is called; it only changes what
           user's PATH.  The linker used by GCC can be printed using which `gcc -print-prog-name=ld`.  This option is only available on the 64-bit HP-UX GCC, i.e.
           Generate code that uses long call sequences.  This ensures that a call is always able to reach linker generated stubs.  The default is to generate long
           options together under HP-UX with the SOM linker.
           linking is used to build the application.
           The types of long calls used depends on the capabilities of the assembler and linker, and the type of code being generated.  The impact on systems that
           Suppress the generation of link options to search libdld.sl when the -static option is specified on HP-UX 10 and later.
           option is specified, special link options are needed to resolve this dependency.
           On HP-UX 10 and later, the GCC driver adds the necessary options to link with libdld.sl when the -static option is specified.  This causes the resulting
           binary to be dynamic.  On the 64-bit port, the linkers generate dynamic binaries by default in any case.  The -nolibdld option can be used to prevent
           the GCC driver from adding these link options.
           Add support for multithreading with the dce thread library under HP-UX.  This option sets flags for both the preprocessor and linker.
           objects linked into the binary, and defaults to 65535.
           SVML or ACML ABI-compatible library must be specified at link time.
           Support thread-safe exception handling on MinGW.  Programs that rely on thread-safe exception handling must compile and link all code with the -mthreads
           option.  When compiling, -mthreads defines "-D_MT"; when linking, it links in a special thread helper library -lmingwthrd which cleans up per-thread
           Generate code for the small code model: the program and its symbols must be linked in the lower 2 GB of the address space.  Pointers are 64 bits.
           Programs can be statically or dynamically linked.  This is the default code model.
           Generate code for the medium model: the program is linked in the lower 2 GB of the address space.  Small symbols are also placed there.  Symbols with
           dynamically linked.
           This option specifies that a console application is to be generated, by instructing the linker to set the PE header subsystem type required for console
           This option is available for Cygwin and MinGW targets.  It specifies that a DLL---a dynamic link library---is to be generated, enabling the selection of
           This option is available for Cygwin and MinGW targets.  It specifies that a GUI application is to be generated by instructing the linker to set the PE
           Generate (or don't) code for the GNU linker.  This is the default.
           Specifies that the program will be run on the simulator.  This causes an alternate runtime library to be linked in which supports, for example, file
           All modules should be compiled with the same -G num value.  Compiling with different values of num may or may not work; if it doesn't the linker gives
           64k.  Anything larger causes the linker to report an error such as:
           Note that some linkers, including newer versions of the GNU linker, can create multiple GOTs and sort GOT entries.  If you have such a linker, you
           Assume that runtime support has been provided and so omit the simulator library (libsim.a) from the linker command line.
       -minterlink-mips16
       -mno-interlink-mips16
           Require (do not require) that non-MIPS16 code be link-compatible with MIPS16 code.
           For example, non-MIPS16 code cannot jump directly to MIPS16 code; it must either use a call or an indirect jump.  -minterlink-mips16 therefore disables
           Generate (do not generate) code that is fully position-independent, and that can therefore be linked into shared libraries.  This option only affects
           -mno-shared depends on binutils 2.16 or higher and generates objects that can only be linked by the GNU linker.  However, the option does not affect the
           Assume (do not assume) that the static and dynamic linkers support PLTs and copy relocations.  This option only affects -mno-shared -mabicalls.  For the
           64k.  Anything larger causes the linker to report an error such as:
           Note that some linkers can create multiple GOTs.  If you have such a linker, you should only need to use -mxgot when a single object file accesses more
           is likely to suffer a link-time or run-time failure.
           If the linker complains that an application is using too much small data, you might want to try rebuilding the less performance-critical parts with
           attach a "section" attribute to Var's definition.  If Var is common, you must link the application with a high-enough -G setting.
           The easiest way of satisfying these restrictions is to compile and link every module with the same -G option.  However, you may wish to build a library
           3.  the memory occupied by an object with a link-time-constant address.
           Try to turn PIC calls that are normally dispatched via register $25 into direct calls.  This is only possible if the linker can resolve the destination
           at link-time and if the destination is within range for a direct call.
           -mrelax-pic-calls is the default if GCC was configured to use an assembler and a linker that support the ".reloc" assembly directive and
           "-mexplicit-relocs" is in effect.  With "-mno-explicit-relocs", this optimization can be performed by the assembler and the linker alone without help
           linker) for a constant to be set up in a global register.  The register is used for one or more base address requests within the range 0 to 255 from the
           Do not link in the C run-time initialization object file.
           Indicate to the linker that it should perform a relaxation optimization pass to shorten branches, calls and absolute memory addresses.  This option only
           has an effect when used on the command line for the final link step.
           Do not link in the C run-time initialization object file.
           If you receive a linker error message that saying you have overflowed the available TOC space, you can reduce the amount of TOC space used with the
           option, and pass the option to GCC when linking.
           option.  For this to work, all objects linked together must be compiled with -mrelocatable or -mrelocatable-lib.  -mrelocatable code aligns the stack to
           not use the smaller stack alignment of -mrelocatable.  Objects compiled with -mrelocatable-lib may be linked with objects compiled with any combination
           or BSS section.  By default, num is 8.  The -G num switch is also passed to the linker.  All modules should be compiled with the same -G num value.
           Some linkers are capable of detecting out-of-range calls and generating glue code on the fly.  On these systems, long calls are unnecessary and generate
           slower code.  As of this writing, the AIX linker can do this, as can the GNU linker for PowerPC/64.  It is planned to add this feature to the GNU linker
           and the branch island.  The Darwin/PPC linker prefers the first address and generates a "bl callee" if the PPC "bl" instruction reaches the callee
           directly; otherwise, the linker generates "bl L42" to call the branch island.  The branch island is appended to the body of the calling function; it
           On Mach-O (Darwin) systems, this option directs the compiler emit to the glue for every direct call, and the Darwin linker decides whether to use or
           In the future, GCC may ignore all longcall specifications when the linker is known to generate glue.
           Mark (do not mark) calls to "__tls_get_addr" with a relocation specifying the function argument.  The relocation allows the linker to reliably associate
           Adds support for multithreading with the pthreads library.  This option sets flags for both the preprocessor and linker.
           -ftree-vectorize and -funsafe-math-optimizations must also be enabled.  The MASS libraries must be specified at link time.
           Enable linker relaxation.  Linker relaxation is a process whereby the linker attempts to reduce the size of a program by finding shorter versions of
           Shorten some address references at link time, when possible; uses the linker option -relax.
           "movi"/"shori"/"ptrel", but with assembler and/or linker tricks it is possible to generate symbols that cause "ptabs" or "ptrel" to trap.  This option
           -mimpure-text, used in addition to -shared, tells the compiler to not pass -z text to the linker when linking a shared object.  Using this option, you
           can link position-dependent code into a shared object.
           -mimpure-text suppresses the "relocations remain against allocatable but non-writable sections" linker error message.  However, the necessary
           Add support for multithreading using the POSIX threads library.  This option sets flags for both the preprocessor and linker.  This option does not
               The Medium/Low code model: 64-bit addresses, programs must be linked in the low 32 bits of memory.  Programs can be statically or dynamically
               linked.
               The Medium/Middle code model: 64-bit addresses, programs must be linked in the low 44 bits of memory, the text and data segments must be less than
               The Medium/Anywhere code model: 64-bit addresses, programs may be linked anywhere in memory, the text and data segments must be less than 2GB in
               anywhere in memory (determined at link time).  The global register %g4 points to the base of the data segment.  Programs are statically linked and
           By default, GCC links against startup code that assumes the SPU-style main function interface (which has an unconventional parameter list).  With
           -mstdmain, GCC links your program against startup code that assumes a C99-style interface to "main", including a local copy of "argv" strings.
           This option controls the version of libgcc that the compiler links to an executable and selects a software-managed cache for accessing variables in the
           This option controls the version of libgcc that the compiler links to an executable and selects whether atomic updates to the software-managed cache of
           Generate code suitable for big switch tables.  Use this option only if the assembler/linker complain about out of range branches within a switch table.
           These options are passed down to the linker.  They are defined for compatibility with Diab.
           Choose startup files and linker script suitable for the simulator.
           This allows the literal pool to be placed in a data RAM/ROM, and it also allows the linker to combine literal pools from separate object files to remove
           compilations, you get a multiple-definition error when you link them.  In this case, you must compile with -fcommon instead.  Compiling with -fno-common
           GCC; it is part of the operating system).  If the GOT size for the linked executable exceeds a machine-specific maximum size, you get an error message
           from the linker indicating that -fpic does not work; in that case, recompile with -fPIC instead.  (These maximums are 8k on the SPARC and 32k on the
           If supported for the target machine, emit position-independent code, suitable for dynamic linking and avoiding any limit on the size of the global
           These options are similar to -fpic and -fPIC, but generated position independent code can be only linked into executables.  Usually these options are
           used when -pie GCC option is used during linking.
           conjunction with -fpic or -fPIC for building code that forms part of a dynamic linker and cannot reference the address of a jump table.  On some
           -Wl,--defsym,__stack_limit=0x7ffe0000 to enforce a stack limit of 128KB.  Note that this may only work with the GNU linker.
           If compiling all code, including library code, with -fsplit-stack is not an option, then the linker can fix up these calls so that the code compiled
           without -fsplit-stack always has a large stack.  Support for this is implemented in the gold linker in GNU binutils release 2.21 and later.
           This option and its counterpart, -fno-leading-underscore, forcibly change the way C symbols are represented in the object file.  One use is to help link
           feature can very substantially improve linking and load times of shared object libraries, produce more optimized code, provide near-perfect API export
           Despite the nomenclature, "default" always means public; i.e., available to be linked against from outside the shared object.  "protected" and
           Note that -fvisibility does affect C++ vague linkage entities. This means that, for instance, an exception class that is be thrown between DSOs must be
           This prefix is also used for finding files such as crt0.o that are used for linking.
           thus specified when searching for special linker files, if it can't find them using GCC_EXEC_PREFIX.  Linking using GCC also uses these directories when
           correct support libraries to link against.  Failing to supply the correct flags may lead to subtle defects.  Supplying them in cases where they are not
